[This is a fictional story.]
[The names of the characters and locations
are coincidental.]
There was not a time
without a famous name to admire.
But, once upon a time in Saigon
there was only one beauty
that drove men crazy.
Her name was Ba Tra.
Ba Tra, with her
one-of-a-kind underwater dance
mesmerized all the young masters
making them honoring her
as the First Beauty of Saigon.
Rumors fly.
Making people yearn for her dance.
But only gentlemen from the first-class are
invited to her palace to watch the dance.
Rumors and Mysteries together weaved
a brilliant legend about Ba Tra.
[SISTER SISTER 2]
Would you like to eat sweat soup?
Get her another bowl.
Yes, another one?
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Hey! Don't think you can drive a car
however you want!
My clothes are all dirty now! Pay for it!
Pay me back!
You want this or not? This much money
can buy you hundreds sets of clothes.
Go.
Twenty dong!
Newspaper!
Miss Ba Tra is coming!
Excuse me, who is Ba Tra?
Oh my god! Where have you been?
Ba Tra is the First Beauty of Saigon!
Ah… Is that so?
- I'm here, miss!
- Miss Ba Tra has arrived!
- Miss Ba Tra.
Give me some money, please.
Miss Ba Tra!
Miss Ba Tra is so gorgeous!
Miss Ba, please have one, Miss Ba.
A new issue from Tan Van Women's Newspaper?
Yes, Miss Ba. There's a
picture of Miss Ba in this print.
Give them all out to everyone, remind them
that it's time for women to speak up.
Thank you, Miss Ba! Miss Ba is the best!
Free newspaper here!
- Miss Ba.
- Newspaper!
Miss Ba!
Mr. Lu from The Contemporary
wants to speak to Miss Ba.
Miss Ba is truly the First Beauty.
Every step down the street
is worth talking about.
Should you give us a prior notice, we would
not have to run for our life like this!
My appology,
but that is because today Miss Ba is only
stopping by Nhu Y store
to get a new outfit,
nothing special.
To our female readers,
everything the First Beauty does
must be special
- Yes.
- because everyone wants to be like her.
Mr. Lu
from now on, for any issues
that have entries about Ba Tra
please provide an extra hundred copies
- for Tu Ang Le to give out to everyone.
- Yes.
From now on, every issue will
have entries about Miss Ba Tra.
Thank you, Miss Ba.
I am the one to thank you, Mr. Lu.
Men, money, position, all
are in the hands of Ms. Ba Tra.
If only I were the First Beauty!
Look at you! How foolish, even for a wish.
No doubt. One must be as
beautiful and famous as Ba Tra,
if she wants to be admired by those young
masters, or even become their mistress.
Being the mistress of those young masters
is just like sleeping with men.
Isn't that like being a prostitute?
Prostitutes sleep with men for money
but Ba Tra has men bringing her diamonds as
gifts without moving a finger.
Not the same.
Men who pursue Ms. Ba Tra
are all the richest in the Cochinchina
while men who wants prostitutes
are all ragged.
It's different.
Oh, c'est parfait! (That's perfect!)
It took our top 5 tailors
101 hours to cut and sew.
And the two pieces of beads on the sides
took them 16 hours to be THIS delicate.
Oh my god, what a first-class dress
for the first-class beauty.
101 hours, 5 workers, 16 hours…
Excuse me, Ms. Ba,
I'll go to write my papers.
Yes.
How many rolls do you have?
I imported 2 rolls from France.
This one is for Miss Ba
the other one is for Miss
Lucie Hue, she wants to…
I'll have them all.
Oh, sorry, this…
I'll pay you 5 times.
5 times… Huh, 5 times?
Oh my god, 5 times!
This fabric is very expensive.
What a waste, don't you think?
Ba Tra is unique, so Ba Tra's
dress must be one of a kind.
That is more important than money.
Don't you think?
Yes, I understand.
Where are the new
imported French fabric rolls?
Miss Lucie! One is on Miss Ba,
as her dress.
The other...
is in that bucket over there.
Ba Tra!
You're afraid that I would wear it better,
so you burned my cloth, aren't you?
Ah!
I burn it for the deceased.
Why do you claim it's yours?
Also, is it that you want to wear
the same thing as me all the time?
Do you want to become another Ba Tra?
Oh?
Not a few days into the new month
that we meet our OLD sisters.
What a promising month!
Reporter Luong received 50 dong for
an article... the FUTURE FIRST BEAUTY.
50 dong for the word "future".
Doesn't Ba Tra pay journalists
to run after and flatter her all the time?
They ran after me because
I can give them good content.
Not because of beauty or youth.
Your youth is about to end
so as your beauty.
Time to step aside and do your chores.
Not that easy.
However old she becomes,
Ba Tra will always have to earn money
for her mother,
the crazy gambling addict.
My mother is crazy.
But she is the mother
of the First Beauty
while your mothers don't
dare to show off their children.
I'm not proud of my mother
but I make my mother proud.
One day, the crown will
rest on someone else's head.
It's not like you can wear the crown
even when I stop playing the game.
All crowns have thorns, girls.
We want to check out.
Oh, about your dress...
Please allow me to pay for Ms. Ba Tra.
Tra, I'd like to join you this lunchtime…
Dear young master!
It is quite an abrupt invitation,
let me check on Miss Ba
and get back to you.
Dear Miss Bay Hot Dieu of "the future"
dear Miss Lucie Hue of "the deceased"
dear Miss Hai Lua La lacking content!
Please allow me to go ahead.
Oh, Miss Ba, I will pack your dress
and send you later. Is that okay?
Oh, that. Nevermind, just keep it
and give it to anyone that longs
to become another "Ba Tra".
Cocky Granny!
Let's see how long can she
hold her head high like that.
They have great ambitions,
but their skills don't match their dreams.
Who is that young master?
He doesn't look familiar to me.
That's the actor I hired.
Wasn't that a wonderful performance?
Indeed!
But there's a whole lot of real young
masters willing to pay me a few dresses.
Why do you need to make a scene?
Miss Ba, hiring him only costs a few dong,
but we get lots in return.
I'm certain that those
loser beauties are giving
their best to flirt
with the fake young master
because they think
they've found a good deal.
But they won't be able to get cocky again.
Thank you, young master.
Quickly say thank to him.
Thank you, young master!
First time meeting you, young master.
Did you just come to Saigon?
If you want to have a good
time here, I can lead the way.
In my world, the only
option is to choose the best.
Not a 2nd, 3rd, 4th,
or 5th are in eyesight.
I want a dress like Ba Tra.
Whichever design Ba Tra
chose, I will choose the same.
However much Ba Tra
ordered, I will order as much.
Whichever color Ba Tra
chose, I will choose the same.
- Mom! Play, play, play!
- Playing all day long!
Mom! Not a word about studying!
- Mom!
- Stop running!
Hi.
Lord Bach Mi, my whorehouse
these days feels so empty.
Please make men come to us continuously,
all heil Lord Bach Mi.
Hanh, look.
Wow, where did you find them? So pretty.
- Do you like it?
- Yeah!
- Nhi! Did you steal something?
- Crazy.
Oh you whore! I only told
you to go get the bracelet
and buy a cigarette,
what on earth took you forever?
We lost a customer because
he couldn't wait for you anymore!
It is a long way, madam,
and I had to wait in line.
Here you go. But I think
you should quit smoking.
No need to speak harshly to her, Nhi.
I'm sure she went to steal
then got chased around.
That's why it took so long.
Hey! Nhi is a master of
stealing! Never been caught.
Are you stealing again?
What's that? Let me try it on.
It's mine, madam.
In this house, you are all mine
let alone a pair of shoes. Give it to me!
Doesn't fit.
Oh my god, madam!
Nhi! Can I have them? I'll wear
them to the market.
There, have it.
Try it on, maybe someone will
find them pretty and choose you.
Mr. Tough Bay...
Oops, Mr. Bay!
I love that nickname you girls gave me.
Mr. Bay! It's been a week!
My girls really miss you.
You go ahead, we're tired of him.
This much, enough to play 'til morning.
Lemme see.
Stop there. All in queue!
Mr. Bay!
My girls are different prices now.
How much?
2 coins for Thao
one and a half for Lan, Hang is 1 coin
- and that old one…
- Madam! My name is Hanh.
You're old so I say you're old.
- 5 cents.
- 6!
Their prices are up, but yours' down.
Again? You've lowered me 7 times already.
You should do that to keep your reputation.
As for Nhi, it's not 8 coins anymore,
but 1 dong. (1 dong = 10 coins)
That much?
Rice is more expensive now,
so they cannot be as cheap as before
otherwise we would starve, wouldn't we?
Can I get a loan?
Okay! But it'll be on daily interest rate.
If you want a 2 coins loan,
it would be 2 cents interest per day.
Just kidding. How can I use
prostitutes without paying decently?
They will spread the words
to every corner of the streets,
and I can never hold my head up high again.
Lemme see...
Gosh! Look at you!
You should be cooking
in the backyard right now!
So who do you choose?
- 2 coins, that's Thao!
- What? Madam?
Mr. Bay, take it easy, Mr. Bay…
Easy, easy. No rushing.
Dirty old man.
Play for 2 hours
but pay like it's 2 minutes.
And yet madam loves to see him.
- Love?
- Why did you hit me?
You're prostitutes, not Her Majesty!
Ladies cannot even
choose their husband!
Yet you whores want
to choose who to serve?
Them paying for you is
just like them paying for toys.
Toys have no right to
speak up, you know that?
Toys cannot speak, but the
sellers do speak up, you know.
Wanna be picky? They would kick his ass.
Nhi, no one says you're
dumb if you just shut up.
- Oh my God.
- Look, that's Hai Bon.
- Hai Bon!
- What?
Does your wife know you're here?
For god's sake! She would burn the place
down if she knew, just like last time!
I snuck out, she wouldn't know. Here.
One coin.
Love a fatty.
Five cents.
- One and a half coins.
- Given up.
No guests for 8 days in a row.
From now on, let the girls
have time for themselves.
You do the chores.
Madam!
What? Am I wrong?
Look at yourself.
Wrinkled skin, sagging breasts.
Always eating.
3 bowls a meal!
Why do you need to eat so full
when there's no guests to serve?
Do I need to throw up to fill your stomach?
You wouldn't be full even if I do so.
I only eat two and a half bowls
of rice, still half a bowl short!
From now on, every meal that I eat 3 cups,
I'll throw you back half a cup!
- Oh my god this whore...
- Madam! No one is ever as stingy as you.
Half a cup of rice can still bother you.
Soon, when we're at the same age as Hanh,
we might need to set up a
gang to steal on the street
otherwise we would choke on your money.
God, I don't have money
to buy back my life,
so I would try to swallow even
if I'm choked on her money.
That's right.
Shut up!
You two would never
stop talking, would you?
Teaming up to fight me?
Gosh! Goosebumps.
Who can fight you?
For God's sake, 1 bushel
of rice is only 1 dong 3,
yet even half a bowl are for you to plan.
Why can you talk about me
as if I'm the villain here, Hanh?
Sounds like somebody else,
not this kind and virtuous Ba Pho.
Ba Pho!
Mr. Tam!
- Ba Pho!
- Mr. Tam…
I'm this young and you call me Mister?
VIP would always be gentlemen.
- What about stingy ones?
- Not worth mentioning.
Cool.
Give me Nhi.
Her price has changed, Mr. Tam.
- How much?
- 1 dong.
No big deal. 1 dong.
1 dong, yet not a moment thinking. You are
only 5 cents but no one is willing to have.
Hai Bon, I will kill you!
How dare you steal my money for whores!
No, not today! Hide! Hide!
Ba Pho! Where's my husband?
Where's my husband?
- Gosh, whose wife is that?
- Oh my! Hai Bon's wife!
- Not my wife.
- That Hai Bon's wife!
- No… No… Not here.
- He's inside.
Fuck! My wife!
Oh my gosh, she's gonna kill me!
I will kill you, Hai Bon!
You haven't sold all the pork, yet you
dare to steal money to go find whores!
Stand there!
Stop! Stop right there!
- Stop right there!
- You moron!
Dare to steal money for sluts!
I will kill you, get away!
Stop right there!
Dare to steal money for sluts!
Fuck.
If Hai Bon come back,
I will charge him ten times!
And you! Why did you tell her?
So you want her to cut us in half?
Nonsense!
You moron.
- What?
- What? I did not say anything!
- Get your butt out of my face.
- Oh my god this whore.
Still not shut up?
I'll definitely save up enough money,
get myself out of here
then go and open a new whorehouse.
Are you crazy, Thao? If you're out of
here then get married, have children.
Why the heck do you want a new whorehouse?
I hope that I have money to get myself
out of here, then buy a small piece of land
get a stall, get married and
give birth to a child. What a life.
Are you two illusional?
A whore for once, a whore for life.
Who wants to marry us?
Besides, when I become
a madam, I'll split 8-2.
What? What the heck.
Madam Ba splitting 7-3 is
bad enough. You split 8-2?
8 for prostitutes, I only take 2.
Hey! Then don't forget
me! I'll work for you!
Of course! All of us will
come to my whorehouse.
I'll have girls from everywhere.
Men in Saigon will all come to us.
So you're competing with Madam Ba.
You can cancel this place.
I'll cancel her.
How big a dream!
The day this Ba Pho stop being Ba Pho
the five of you would not earn a penny.
Even the stingy ones would not want you.
We must have been as
old as you at that time.
You.
I told you to do the laundry and
let them rest. Why don't you do it?
Can't you see I'm busy?
- When did she come?
- No idea.
- 5-5?
- What the heck!
8-2 and you'll have
more money, you idiot.
Who is she? Looks so fancy and all.
That's Ba Tra! The First Beauty of Saigon.
Ah, this girl is the mistress of the
richest men in Cochinchina, right?
Yeah, that. Super rich.
Wasting money like it's nothing.
But I think…
being the mistress
of rich men like her
is just as being a prostitute like us.
Of course! In this country, men hold money.
Girls, if not born a Lady
yet still want to be rich,
can only choose to become a prostitute.
Shh...
But from what I see,
she has everything girls ever dream of.
Beauty, money, rich man loving her.
I want to be a beauty like Ba Tra.
I don't want to keep
being a prostitute,
'cause god knows when
we can live like a human.
- Who?
- Me! It's me! It's me, Miss Ba!
Oh, you.
Come for more money?
No! I am Nhi. I admire
you so much, Miss Ba!
Miss Ba, please take me as your disciple!
As a disciple? What for?
I want to be rich and famous like you.
Please teach me how to be the
mistress of the young masters.
Miss Ba, you know... My parents,
working as teachers, are very poor, so…
I want to follow Miss Ba,
to have more money to give my parents.
Just a normal young lady?
Yes!
But I don't want to be poor.
What do you young lady do for a living?
I... am a water porter.
Your parents are teachers,
yet they let you work as a porter?
Well…, it's like…, well, my family is so
poor, I just do whatever I can, Miss Ba.
Do you young lady know that
illegally breaking into a house
is a crime that would
cost a life time behind bars?
Yes, I know, I broke into your house
because... I have this for you to see.
Look, Miss Ba. I am
this beautiful, is it enough
to become the mistress
of the young masters?
It only takes a few words from Miss Ba
to get the young masters to meet me,
then they will be obsessed with me
and willing to provide a fortune.
- Beautiful indeed...
- I am beautiful, Ms. Ba.
but cheap.
Your manners, your words, all cheap.
The way you act, just like
a whore in Bo Ret Alley.
Miss... Miss Ba… Don't say that. I'm
really just a girl from a normal family.
Lies!
What young lady would
stop a car to ask for money.
climb into someone's house!
What young lady would
strip in front of a stranger!
Well, you can say whatever you want.
Miss Ba! I promise, if they
give me 10, I'll give you 5!
That way, you can be
even richer. Just think.
Who teach you to split the money?
Well... Normally it's 3-7.
You don't want it that way?
Do you want to split 7-3? You 7, me 3.
Are you a loner or from a
brothel led by a madam?
Well, I'll be honest with you,
I'm a prostitute from Ba Pho whorehouse,
in Bo Ret Alley.
No wonders. How bold.
nothing to withhold,
nothing to refrain from.
Miss Ba, please accept me as your disciple,
junior or whatever!
I want to change my life.
I want to escape the life of a prostitute.
At least, I want to be an
expensive prostitute like Miss Ba.
Who dares to say Ba Tra is a prostitute?
You haven't heard?
Everyone does!
You moron!
I'm not the kind of girl
who strips for money.
Men shower a beautiful, brilliant
woman with all kinds of fancy stuff
because she's worth it.
Not because she is a whore.
Do you know why men obsess with Ba Tra?
Men are less interested in my beauty
but more in love with my reputation.
The famous beauty
calls for men's possessive nature.
Just like the king needs a queen
the renowned player
needs a pageant by his side.
That story is a long time tale.
Beauty is women's power.
You are beautiful
but cheap.
So it's all just a waste!
You dirty, ill-mannered girl,
what young master would want you?
How do you know when you don't even try?
I am younger, sexier…
Why don't you just show off your body?
I can never be uglier than you.
Good!
Just go on Catinat street
and strip for them.
Let's see if anyone would want you
or they will call you “the crazy slut”.
Ambition must come with ability. You have
great ambition, but no talents to show.
I'm not the Genie to grant you wishes.
If you want something, go get it yourself.
Go home and wash away
the reputation of a prostitute
then defeat me
take my throne as the First Beauty,
then you can change your life.
Try me.
Ba Tra said, once I'm a prostitute
no young master would bother to look at me.
If only... I hadn't
become a whore myself...
Look. Even if you're poor,
you can always find a way.
But to become a whore...
There's no way out.
My mother was sick, you know.
I needed 100 dong for her treatment.
Where could I get 100
dong if not for selling myself?
So you became a whore, get more money,
but can your mom live forever?
I could never imagine my mom would be
so shocked she passed away immediately
when I said I had become a whore.
That's why I hate being poor so much.
But now that I'm ragged,
and still got looked down on.
She would never take you
if she thinks of you that bad.
Just forget her!
No!
I will get what I want.
Madam Tu Ang Le!
Letter for Miss Ba Tra.
Dear Miss Ba, please bring 500 dong
to the house with red lantern
in Bo Ret Alley
if you want your mother back.
If we can't meet you by 5, your mother
will be sent abroad as a prostitute.
Come alone.
Do not alarm the police.
This is the coin
pocket I bought her.
Who can be this daring?
Miss Ba, please don't go!
Ba Tra cannot be seen at Bo Ret Alley.
There are groups of officers, snooping
soldiers, customary soldiers, etc.
It only takes one tiny thing to go wrong
to attract journalists from everywhere
if they spread the rumor that
Ba Tra is at Bo Ret Alley,
your reputation will be all gone.
Only me can bring back my crazy mother.
Tu Ang Le, let the driver follow me.
Yes.
A gun is forbidden, the soldiers
can shoot you if they see this.
Why do you need anesthetic?
To use on the brats, if I meet one
and on my mother, to bring her back.
Why on earth does she
keep torturing you like this?
She gave me my life.
Stop!
Stop there! Tell him to go away!
Go away!
- Where's my mother?
- Only a few steps ahead.
Give me money and you'll
have your mother. Money!
What have you done to my mother?
What have you done?
Nothing, just a little game,
but your mother didn't like it so much.
Give me the money and
you'll see your mother
or she will die painfully.
Money?
Give me or not?
You want your mother die?
Hurry!
Let my mother go.
Over there!
Mother?
What mother? Smells so good!
I will play you 'til morning.
Gosh!
You step on me? Stop!
Let me go!
Prostitution ID.
I'm not a prostitute
so I don't have one.
Not a prostitute? Your ID then?
Sirs, this bitch is a street whore!
I was walking on the
street and she led me here
flirt with me
but I don't want to, so she hit
me with anesthetic... Help me, Sir...
Street whore, anesthetic.
No! It's not like that!
Arrest her!
Sir, Sir, please hear me
out, I will give you 100 dong.
If you speak with Madam Tu Ang Le at...
- To the station! Shut up! Go!
- Let me go!
Let me go!
Let me go! I can walk!
- Shut up!
- Let go!
Hey...
- Stop there!
- Prostitution ID.
Here.
[Prostitution ID]
Sir, I am Nhi, from Ba Pho whorehouse.
Sneaking out here?
Please Sir, please don't tell Madam Ba.
If we only serve guests
coming to the house,
Madam Ba will take
70% of what we earn,
but if we go out here,
all that money will be ours.
That's where we got money to
support our parents back home.
Nhi.
Go get Tu Ang Le.
I will give you money!
Who is Tu Ang Le?
You can get anything you want.
You slut!
What you say? I can get whatever I want?
Where can you get that much money?
Look who's talking now!
Let's see how long you'll have to stay in.
Enough.
You know her?
Yes, of course!
This slut is from Xom Cui.
She comes here to take our guests!
- Shut up!
- No! What can you do, huh?
Look at you now.
I'll let you know, you
will not get away with this!
Sir, this is all I have.
Please let me have her.
I will teach her a lesson!
- Sir?
- Give her.
Sir!
There's no way you can get away with this.
You bitch! You slut!
You wanna mess with us?
Sorry, I'm so so so
sorry, Miss Ba! I'm sorry!
I have to act that way to save you.
Are you okay? Please
don't be mad at me, Miss Ba.
Why are you here?
This place is for street whore.
None of your business!
Are there any house with red lantern here?
No, I've never seen such a thing,
and I've been living here forever!
- Are you sure?
- Of course!
Those frauds!
Frauds? Who? What happened?
Let me take you out.
Those street whores are scary.
Farewell, Miss Ba.
Nhi!
Yes?
How much does it cost
to set free a prostitute?
Usually the madams would take into account
all the money they spent on the girls.
Money for food, clothes and all,
and we also need to write her a deal.
That means it depends,
can be 200, 300, etc.
How much are you?
Me? 1000.
Because I'm pretty, so Madam Ba
forced me to agree with a high price.
Go.
Sir...
Where's the money? I will shoot
you to death if you break the deal!
It's... It's here.
Are you kidding me?
No, no! Please come and check for yourself.
Pull my pants off.
You don't believe me? Let me show you then.
Go check it.
Sirs, when you're done, quit your job.
And go abroad if you can.
Hide yourselves well if you
don't want to be arrested.
Mr. Bay! Mr. Bay!
Mr. Bay!
Who's that?
Here. Never say a word about this, okay?
10 dong.
Hey, go with me, then you
can give me back 9 dong.
If I go with you now,
I cannot come back until morning.
If Madam Ba knows I snuck out,
I'll be dead.
Just stand up already.
Hey? Hey!
You!
Stop there.
Madam, I thought you went to bed already.
Anything fun? Huh?
Where have you been? I lost a
bunch of money whenever you go out.
- A bunch.
- It hurts, Madam!
And you too!
You all think I don't know that you
sneak out to get men on the street?
Even so, you have to split the money, 7-3!
Where's the money? Where? Give me!
What money? I don't have money!
I didn't find guests on the street!
What are you up to then?
I found a gigolo!
What? You moron!
You can be a whore and let him pay for you.
What's the difference between men
sleeping you and you sleeping with men?
Of course it's different!
Men sleeping with me
means I'm being chosen,
but me sleeping with men
means I'm choosing the man.
You stupid whore!
Madam!
You are my girl, everyone
has to pay to sleep with you.
Who is that moron? Where does he live?
I will have to get my 1 dong.
If he refuses to pay, then cut...
Today is our last time, he went abroad.
Holy! So I lose another 1 dong?
Oh God!
From now on, I take 8, you
have 2. Take that as a lesson.
And you whores!
If you go find guests on
the street, then it's 9-1.
How can I split with you when no
one wants me?
What did you say?
Did it work?
Lord, please take care of my whores
please do not let them get pregnant.
It would be a great blessing
if they never have children.
House search!
What's that?
- What's happening?
Why do we have a colony officer here?
Maybe it's just for show. Cheer up, girls.
Sir, I have paid my tax...
and do my duties.
Officers from customary department...
just searched our place last month,
do we need to do this again?
House search should be conducted weekly.
You dare to question us?
Stinks! Note, sanitary - failed.
- Smells so good. Such good liquor.
- Yes.
Liquor is forbidden in whorehouse.
Why do you keep it here?
- Note down!
- Please, sir, please...
Please, sir...
Sir...
And you don't have the first aid kit
required by the government.
Sir...
Note down, attempt to bribe the officers!
- Sir...
- I will keep this as evidence.
Yes...
Please, sir, please tell
him to give us a chance,
my business is not
looking good these days...
If you want, you can come here with him
my girls are for you to
choose, free of charge!
Bonjour.
Bonjour, madam.
Sit down, please.
Who are you? Why do you come here?
I am Tu Ang Le.
Miss Nhi wants to quit prostitution.
Miss Ba Tra pity her, so
she wants to lend a hand.
Ba Tra?
Thank you, Miss Ba!
But... Madam would not let me go.
You whore! What are you saying?
Ba Pho! You are a madam,
but you don't let the prostitute quit?
- Note down!
- Please, sir, please don't!
Sir, It's because
Nhi still owes me money.
Then pay.
Miss Nhi owes you 1000 dong, Miss Ba
wants to help, she offers you 100 more.
Madam Ba, please let me go.
I want to quit,
I want to work on the field.
Now I know what you want.
You want to leave me to follow Ba Tra...
Ba Pho! Our President has set rules.
Once the prostitution wants to
quit their job, the Madam must agree.
You want to go against the rules?
Note down!
Please don't!
Where's the agreement? Take it out!
Here, take the money!
Take it! Why don't you take it?
Yes...
Nhi, go pack your stuff.
Yes.
Ba Pho.
Please provide your fingerprints
on this confirmation letter
so that Miss Nhi can
bring it to the Customary.
Hey, Ba Tra does not let you down!
Farewell, Madam Ba!
You have just lost a prostitute, so we
will not follow after these small mistakes.
Thank you, officers!
Oh God! That whore is
worth the most in my house!
Thank you so much! Now let's go home.
Home? Where?
Miss Ba told you to buy me out
so I can follow her, isn't that right?
Miss Ba pity you, so she
spent 1100 dong to set you free
but that doesn't mean
she can raise a whore in her own house.
Miss Ba give you an extra
200 dong. Do what you want.
What a beautiful move.
One hecta of rice field only costs 80 dong.
This 200 dong is enough for
you to buy a fortune back home.
A fortune indeed...
but I want more.
Miss, I have done what you told me to.
That prostitute is now free
and has 200 dong to make a living.
That girl is beautiful indeed.
Just let her wear well-tailored
silk dress, diamond jewelries
then Cinderella will become princess.
What a pity that she will always be
remembered as a prostitute.
Miss Ba, what you have
done is good enough for her.
Miss Ba, I have found information
about the 2 guards you met at Bo Ret.
Yes?
But... They have quit their
job right after that night.
Find them at all cost.
- Give me 2 bowl of noodles, please.
- Coming right up.
- Lots of bean, sprouts of scallion.
- Ok, lots, here.
It's okay, it's on the house.
Here, take this.
I said it's on the house.
Why don't you get it?
- Take this.
- Don't worry about it.
I'll come again tomorrow.
How cute.
Don't mess with him like that.
Hey, I rent this place for a
few days, don't tell anyone.
Oh.
Hey, listen, you should take that money
and go far away,
then buy a piece of land and build a house.
People there don't know
you used to be a prostitute.
You are beautiful,
it's not hard for you to marry a good man.
Any kind of business to me is just to earn
a few pennies to make ends meet.
I don't want to get a husband anyway.
I just don't want to be looked down on.
Only when I'm in the position of Ba Tra
can I be famous, wealthy and admired.
Fuck you, Hai Bon!
What?
It's still early morning,
you dare to call prostitutes here?
For god's sake! I do love whores,
but I'm not stupid.
Why do I need to call her
here, for you to kill both of us?
You know my taste, not this kind of slim.
I love a fatty.
- So why is she here?
- For meat?
I don't sell for whores. Go away!
I want you to work for me.
Gosh, a whore wants me to work for her!
With payment.
Hit him!
Miss Ba!
You slut! How dare you
flirt with a married man?
- Miss Ba!
- Tu Ang Le!
Get her out!
Who are you?
Dare you flirt Uncle Hai,
make him take the money give to you.
You make him leave his family.
I will cut you in half!
Wait! Who is Uncle Hai?
Uncle Hai is married to Aunt Hai.
No more chit chat.
I will not cut you in half,
I will cut your face!
Drop that! Go away, go
away! Stay away from Miss Ba!
I will break that face, or I'll not leave!
You, while you grannies are here messing
with the mistress for a few pennies,
your men at home are
spending money on whores now!
Damn it, you whore!
Ouch! It hurts!
You remind me that my husband
comes to your place for whores!
Has he ever slept with you?
Are you out of your mind?
You need to be jealous right now?
I don't care! Answer me!
Has he slept with you?
He cannot afford me! Look, you can only
get 1-2 dong a day even if you're sold out
do you want to get hundreds of dongs
or do you want to be jealous now?
You whore! I will not leave
until I cut you and Ba Tra in half!
How much did Aunt Hai pay you?
Let her talk.
She pay me 100 dong.
What's your offer?
How much?
10 times. Is that enough?
In your dreams!
We're fooled! Run, Miss Ba! Run!
Take them! Hit them!
Nhi!
Nhi! Wake up!
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Sink you down the river!
Do you want to kill us?
Give me the knife! Quick!
Please don't die, Miss Ba!
Please don't die!
Miss Ba, please!
Miss Ba! Miss Ba, wake up! Everything
will be ruined if you just die like this!
Please, don't die like this, Miss Ba!
Miss Ba, wake up! Please don't
die! Wake up please, Miss Ba!
Please don't die!
Everything will end if you die!
Wake up, Miss Ba! You cannot die!
I will have to go after you
if you just die like this!
Miss Ba, please open your eyes,
please, don't die, please!
Oh my God you scared me to death!
I thought you are dead already!
Madam! Sisters! I come to visit you!
How can you stop like that?
I almost fell and hurt myself!
Here.
Miss Hai, can I have an extra 2 cents?
You said the ride was 2 cents,
now you're asking for 2 more cents?
Hey man!
I don't have money, but I have this body!
I haven't slept with anyone
this whole month,
do you want to
sleep with me instead?
If you don't want her then choose me!
I charge 2 coins for one
time, that ride is 2 cents.
You can pay me back 1
coin 8 cents after we finish.
Miss Hai, please!
You almost made me fall, and
you still ask for more money?
You moron, move away!
Miss Hai, it rains so suddenly,
please pity me, only 2 more cents.
No pity petty here.
I already paid!
- Give me or not?
- No!
- Nhi!
Oh my god, are there anyone?
Help!
Nhi!
- What can I do now?
- Madam!
Madam! Nhi is dead! Madam!
Madam! Please bring her inside!
Are you crazy? If we bring her in,
who would want to come here anymore?
She's not my whore anymore,
why do I need to care for her?
How can you say that? Are you a human?
Why? Now she's dead in front of our house,
if the soldiers think you all kill her,
all of us will go to jail!
- Come inside!
- Nhi!
Come inside! Go!
- Come inside!
- No! No! No! Nhi!
Nhi! Nhi.
Nhi!
No, Nhi!
Come inside!
Go!
Nhi!
Oh my! Someone's dead!
Is it Nhi?
- Is she slut of Ba Pho?
- Yes, she is.
It's clear now! Wake up!
Only guests with invitation can come in.
No one can come near Miss Ba.
- Understand?
- Yes.
Ba Tra is so beautiful.
- Wow.
- So beautiful.
No wonder she's the First
Beauty, don't you think?
- Yes, sure.
- Exactly.
What are you doing?
Yes?
Didn't I say that you must stay in your
room until you have fully become Tu Nhi?
Don't you remember?
I'm sorry, sister...
It's just that...
your dance is mesmerizing...
I can't help but want to watch you dance.
Now I understand why those young masters
are obsessed with you.
I played a scene for Nhi
the prostitute to be dead,
so that Tu Nhi will be born as
a perfect young lady.
It only takes one man to see you right now
for everything to end.
Yes.
Sister! Can you teach me that
amazing underwater dance?
You've still got a lot to learn.
To become a recognized Beauty,
you need not only a good appearance
but also an aura for yourself.
Yes.
Bo Rep.
Bo Ret!
Robbery!
Ro(pp)ery!
I said robbery!
Bo Rep.
What's wrong with you?
Miss Ba pities you, so she took you in.
But if you don't know where you're at,
then I will kick you out of the door.
What are you doing?
I...
Are you copying Miss Ba's dance?
You don't remember what she told you?
I...
Ordinary women can only be chosen by men.
Extraordinary women can
choose men for themselves.
That "extra" is for you to work on.
Your aura can take
down their first defense.
Your body can take down their last defense,
hence the strongest weapon you have.
If you have both things
you can make men kneel before you.
What do you think?
Thank you, sister,
for teaching me how to dance.
Nhi the prostitute has
dead for a hundred days.
Now it's time for you to
go back to meet Ba Pho.
Why?
Put on your gorgeous makeup,
and choose a decent outfit to wear
stand in front of that
whorehouse, to see if
Ba Pho and your sisters
would call you Lady, or... Nhi.
But... do I need to do that?
You must do.
Nhi has to die fully and completely for
Tu Nhi to be born without any imperfection.
What if they recognize me?
Then you don't have to come back,
and we will no longer be sisters.
Who want to buy fish?
Newspaper!
Who want to buy newspaper?
- Stop here.
- Yes.
Look, I painted a picture of Nhi,
what do you think, Thao?
For god's sake, Hanh!
How can you paint her this ugly?
Gosh! You draw her like this,
she would come and kill you!
She will kill both of you!
That's good enough for a human. Just start.
Let's light up the incense.
You whores!
Do you want to lose all our guests?
Why do you set an alter
right in front of the house?
Madam, today is 100 days
after Hanh died.
What the heck?
Today... See, you make me pray for myself.
Today is a hundred days after Nhi died
you don't let us do it inside because
you think it would take away all the luck
now that we bring the alter out here,
you still don't let us do this.
How can you be this cold-hearted?
Cold-hearted!
Oh holy! Did I raise you
all to be told off like this?
What do you say?
Look, we are the one working to feed you,
not you feeding us.
- You!
- What?
- Brilliant!
- Good job.
- Agreed.
- Gosh, these whores. Right?
Excuse me.
How can I get to Cho Hem Street?
Gosh, goosebumps!
Lucky it's daytime! I would pee myself
if this happens at night!
Same voice, but different vibes.
The face looks familiar too
but a hundred times prettier.
Ma'am
I heard that banh tam bi at Cho Hem
is the most delicious.
Is that correct?
No.
Yes!
No!
No... Not Nhi!
Our Nhi always talks nonsense,
his girl is an elegant lady. Not her.
Yeah, agreed. Not the same person!
Sorry, we thought you are our sister, Nhi.
Well, if I'm anything like her,
then it's my pleasure.
Gosh! It's a pleasure to be like a whore.
One whore, two whores, three whores,
four whores... an old whore...
What?
Oops... madam. This is a whorehouse.
Miss! You are very beautiful
you can come here to work,
that way men from all over the city
will come here to sleep with you!
You moron!
She's so beautiful and classy,
how dare you call her a whore!
She may tell the police to arrest you.
The police will arrest you, not us.
It's your brothel.
Continue the ritual, then.
You have gone too far.
Go back, and turn right when
you see an alley, then turn right.
Continue forward.
Thank you for your help.
Hey, kids.
That girl is so luxurious.
Her body is nice.
If she was my whore we
would have had a lot of guests.
The police's gonna arrest you.
Santé (Cheers!)
It's my pleasure to welcome you all
to this special party.
Today I'm please to introduce
my adopted sister.
Please welcome
Lady Tu Nhi.
Hello, gentlemen.
Let's raise a toast for our lady Tu Nhi.
Santé (Cheers!)
This one looks like the one who
ask for direction, same as Nhi.
Yes! The same!
What's this article about?
The First Beauty of Saigon, Ba Tra
take Lady Tu Nhi as her adopted sister
since Tu Nhi's parents in
Thailand were Ba Tra's saviours.
Sorry, so sorry, my excuse.
I heard Tu Nhi is a royal.
Definitely, how else
can she be such luxurious?
The First and the Second? What rank are we?
Bonjour, comment allez-vous?
(Hi, how are you?)
- Was that wrong?
- Santé.
Santé, Sister Ba.
Bonjour, comment allez-vous?
Bust 84.
Waist 56.
Hips 93.
Oh my, I have to say
that ever since I was a kid
I've never met a lady
with such beautiful figure.
Your sister...
Oh no, I mean Ms. Ba
have the greatest charisma.
Both of you are excellent!
Hips 93.
News, anyone newspaper?
Newspaper!
Ba Tra, I heard some
gentleman's wives are mad at you?
Because he brought you all
the money and gone broke.
Someday they will beat you to revenge.
Tu Nhi, I heard the Silver Gentleman
loves you and brought you pearls?
Let me tell you, his wife is
aggressive and won't hesitate.
So, you'd better be careful.
So, it was you who was
trying to harm my sister?
Very brave of you to collab
and try to hurt my sister.
Today, this me Tu Nhi
who will beat you to death.
What? How dare you?
Ladies do not fight! Stop it!
Stop! Stop it!
Stop!
Why are you fighting in public?
Arrest them all!
Sir, the ladies are just playing catch.
I'll skip this time,
but if there's more I will arrest!
Thank you.
Sister, it must be them who
kidnapped and drown us.
Seems like you think your mom is dead.
Madam, my name is Tu Nhi.
You are the Second Beauty, right?
I'm the mother of the First Beauty.
Yes.
What brought you here?
I can't even visit my daughter now?
I'm not here to ask for money.
Here, take some.
I'll come to your place tomorrow.
No need to come.
No one ever stay in the house, so...
I give the casino the house
to pay for debt.
What?
What did you play to have such huge debt?
Then I'll move in this house with you!
No.
Why not?
You come and mess everything up.
Who dare to return?
Are you worried men
won't come to flirt with you?
I said no means no.
No worries!
If men don't come to flirt with you
then their fathers will come for me!
I am beautiful.
If I'm not, how can you be a beauty?
Mother.
What do you want?
Tra.
If you love me, give me some
money to get the house back.
My house is tiny.
It only costs 2000.
2000 and you say it's tiny?
Well then, no need to do so.
All I need to do is move
in with my daughter.
Will my rich daughter leave me homeless?
Tu Ang Le! Bring my suitcase upstair!
Madam, money don't grow on trees.
What?
A mother should love her daughter.
This bitch!
My daughter forgets me
ever since you become her sister!
The First Beauty now only
cares for the Second Beauty
without giving a care about her own mother.
You come here to steal my daughter!
You stole her from me!
- Mother, stop it!
- You make her hate me!
Mother!
Sister Tu!
Go upstair and fetch me 2000.
Thank you. I only have you to love me.
Mother, what are you doing?
Instead of money, give me this ring!
It looks better on me than you!
Mother, this ring costs 4000.
What? Four thousand?
With 4000 I can pay the 2000 debt. The rest
think of it as a present.
Tu Ang Le!
Take the bags outside!
I'm leaving now!
And you, The Second Beauty.
As long as you live on my daughter,
behave yourself.
You should be the one to behave.
Bastard!
Stop hurting her!
What have I done to her?
You play, drink, gamble and smoke so much
that you gone broke.
She even went to Bo Ret to look for you!
But why are you here?
It's illegal whore area.
Private matter.
Look at yourself, no mother is like you!
None!
Because only my
daughter is the First Beauty!
I can't believe there's
such a mother like her!
No one can choose their parents.
But I can choose my adopted sister.
I only need to choose the right one.
I know who harm me!
The jealous fat bitch
called Tu Nhi a bitch!
If they never met,
how did she know Nhi was a whore?
Tu Nhi?
You mean the whore Nhi was the mastermind?
I never told Tu Nhi
why I went to Bo Ret that night.
But she knew I went in
there to find my mother.
So Nhi was the one to arrange all of this?
She was a whore who
dared to break into my house
dared to get naked in front of me.
What wouldn't she do?
Did she make up all of
this for your sympathy
so you will be in debt of her
and then adopt her?
Oh my! I can't think of that anymore!
We can't be reckless.
We can only convict once we have a witness.
We have to find the attackers.
The creepy man in Bo Ret.
Tu, go to Ba Pho brothel in
Bo Ret to find the attackers.
See where they live, nearby or not.
Especially the thick one
who scream to poke my blood!
And we will stop playing
catch with the two policemen.
What do you mean?
Ask the gangster to kidnap their families.
Let it be known if they hide
their family will die painfully.
Naturally they will come out.
May I ask why Ba Pho
brothel is closed today?
She's been closing for two months.
Now she looks for new whores.
All the old whores got bought out.
If you need whore, go to the next alley.
Thao just opened a new brothel there.
Thank you.
Lord Bach Mi please bless me
so that my brothel
will be crowded with guests.
Congratulation!
Sister Hanh?
Thao's dream to have
a brothel has come true!
Of course.
You're good.
Someone marry you right after quitting.
He's in love with me for a while,
so he married me when he knew I quit.
No wonder every time he brought food
to the brothel he looked at her.
And he only chose her when he played.
I thought he was broke,
but he actually love her!
Hanh, if life's too hard,
come back to work as a whore for me.
We always welcome you.
You get 8, I take 2. I promise.
Nah.
He dares to marry a whore,
so I have to quit being a whore.
Get married, then, but stay
here. Why'd you have to move?
Everyone here know my history.
What if someone said "Your wife's a whore"
when we go out?
Poor him.
I'm leaving now.
Be successful.
Goodbye.
What the heck? We just open,
why are you crying like a funeral?
Wipe your tear, prepare for guests!
Here we come!
Brother Bay!
Oh my!
Congratulation.
Congratulate on opening a
new brothel. But what a pity.
Nhi. What a beautiful!
I haven't got to sleep with
her yet and she died. A pity.
Who bought them out?
And even give them money to open a brothel?
Nhi, Nhi, Nhi...
All whores here are good.
I know you only like the best.
Good whore, good money, please, Greedy Bay.
You wanna die?
I'm Tough Bay, not Greedy Bay.
Yes, tough as you.
We have this new one,
very good, better than Nhi.
1 coin every hour.
You stay longer, you pay more.
Whore now count time?
Everything is costly now, so do whores.
Do you want it or not?
You scare me!
If you don't, then let me.
You calculate even when going to a brothel?
- That's right!
- Not your turn.
- Show me that whore!
- Lan.
Get me some thick whore.
I like fatty babes!
Come on, Hai Bon.
Five cents.
Curse you, Hai Bon! I'm poking your blood!
- What?
- I'm so dead.
- Why is she here?
- Stop!
Hai Bon! Get out! Stop!
Stop!
Damn it. We're doomed on our first day.
- You remember me, Tu Ang Le?
- Of course.
I'm here to ask something about Nhi.
Hello, Mr. Bay.
Who are you?
I'm Tu Ang Le. I work for Ba Tra.
Oh my god.
Kidnapping and hitting people, according
to the law, will be sentenced to death.
- Honey?
- Do you think you can handle that?
- You call me here?
- Yes.
It's time to teach you
how to dance underwater.
What? Are you for real?
I thought you said we cannot be the same?
I want the gentlemen to
remember me when I'm at my peak.
I don't want them to see the First Beauty
to be old and wrinkled.
That's why I'm going to retire.
And Saigon needs a new First Beauty.
That's you.
Yes. Thank you!
Thank you very much!
How dare of you
to try to trap me.
Sister Ba, let me explain...
I nourish a viper in my bosom!
Ba Tra
had never had a wrong move.
But in the end.
I lost to a bitch!
- It's not like that!
- Shut up!
You and the two policemen
scam me into Bo Ret.
You acted as my saviour
so I became in debt of you
for the first time and bought you out.
Then you form a group of jealous housewives
to drown me, and then
you save me one more time.
This debt.
How can I pay you back?
That's right!
I made up all of that!
So I can get in here
so I can become your sister.
All
of your sweet talk
being cute
are lies.
All my admiration for you are true.
My wish to have a life like you is true.
My hope to stop being a whore
and to live as a human
to be your sister
is also true.
But when I naively told you my admiration.
You sit on your throne and laugh at me.
I want you to know that
your proud "First Beauty" title
it's just a whore.
Even I can sit on that throne.
You think
just by being beautiful
luxurious
clever
you can become the First Beauty?
I have to be cruel
cruel as if I don't have a heart
to become the First Beauty.
I become cruel
so it wouldn't hurt to realize
the title First Beauty
also means
being friend with loneliness.
I take you in
not just to pay back my debt.
But because it was
the first time I felt that
someone really love me.
I once believe
that you and I are the same.
Just your love for parents
that ruined your entire life.
I have truly loved you!
All are lies!
I did not lie! The story was real!
I did sold myself to save my mother!
I will return you to where you belong.
I take Lady Tu Nhi as my adopted sister
because her parents in
Thailand was my saviours.
When Tu Nhi's parents died
she also returned to Saigon
but I can never anticipate.
Poor girl!
She died during her journey back to Saigon.
And this girl.
Because there's no photo on the document
and the verification is impossible
this bitch Nhi has taken advantage
to steal the identity.
After stealing the letter,
she came to meet Lady Ba Tra
and proclaimed herself to be Lady Tu Nhi.
Do you have any evidence that
Tu Nhi is a whore from Bo Ret?
Sister Tu.
Bring in the witness
to identify this whore.
Call Ba Pho!
This is Ba Pho,
owner of a brothel in Bo Ret.
Speak.
Is this the whore named
Nhi in your brothel?
My brothel used to have a whore named Nhi
but unfortunately Nhi was stabbed to death
I never think I will be
invited here to identify.
You...
You are the Second Beauty Tu Nhi!
Nhi the whore is not dead.
but instead get to wear nice clothes
and jewelry from Ms. Ba.
to become a luxurious Second Beauty.
That's right, mama.
Nhi, you're alive and become
Ba Tra's sister. I'm happy for you!
But it's not the end of the story.
One day Ba Tra will find out the truth.
Yes, the truth will be found
because I will tell the whole city
that Ba Tra and Tu Nhi are all con artists!
Don't lose your temper, mama.
You think you can buy
me with this much money?
Let me tell you something.
Now if you tell the whole city
both me and Ba Tra will lose my fame.
Without fame, I cannot make any money.
Then, beside feeling
satisfied after revenge
what's left for you?
Ba Pho,
you can't even recognize your whore?
Lady Ba Tra.
I don't know about your wrongdoing.
But I can be sure that in this Saigon
everyone call this lady Tu Nhi.
She's not my whore.
Say something.
Is this Nhi, your fellow whore?
Speak up!
What are you worrying?
You shared a house with her for years,
how can you don't know?
Look, is this Nhi the whore?
I give Hanh this much money
to buy yourself out and sell something.
I give Hang this much
to buy yourself out and start a business.
I give Lan this much
to buy yourself out and get a life.
This is for Thao to open a brothel.
Look, is this Nhi the whore?
- No.
Nhi was killed by the transporter
for two cents.
He is not arrested yet.
That's true.
This isn't Nhi, we know
her for a long time, right?
Yeah, she is not Nhi.
Call Tough Bay, Hai Bon and his wife!
Mr. Tough Bay.
Tell us.
Was it true that you save up
to play Nhi at Ba Pho brothel?
Yes. I did save up to sleep with Nhi.
But she was dead before
I could have enough.
Good lord!
This one is so pretty. To
sleep with Nhi I need 1 dong
to sleep with this one maybe
I need 1 dong and 5 cents.
- You bastard!
- Ouch!
They are going to arrest you soon.
She is a lady, the Second Beauty and you
pay 1.5 cents to sleep with her?
- She is really pretty!
- Oh, sorry.
And you!
Yes?
Did Nhi hire you to attack Ms. Ba Tra?
That is true!
It was Nhi who hired
me to attack Ms. Ba Tra!
Ms. Ba!
Ms. Ba, I beg you, please forgive me!
But I don't know this lady!
You are lying!
This bitch Nhi hired
you to attack Ms. Ba Tra!
And you.
Nhi was a whore in your brothel!
And you, all of you!
You were all sisters with this Nhi!
All of you are lying!
Beside this money.
I will give you some more.
So you can buy anyone
who know Nhi's history.
If Ba Tra know about what Nhi did
you will say it's real.
But do not reveal that Tu Nhi is Nhi.
Do you understand?
Before my parents died
they believed in you
they wrote a letter for you to take me in.
Just because I discovered today
that you are casting spells
on the young masters.
Oh my!
- A beauty using witchcraft!
- So cheap.
So you try to harm and blame me
so I have to bear the name of a whore.
That is so bad!
So cruel!
So beautiful but evil.
I did not cast a spell on anyone!
Ba Tra! Where did you hide your witchcraft?
We want to solve all the spell.
Let see how long can Ba Tra
continue her witchcraft!
I saw Ba Tra hiding
her spell in her bedroom.
See it for yourself.
There's nothing! And no one
can go into the lady's chamber!
Why are you stopping
everyone from going inside?
Let them check it themselves,
the truth will be found.
Fine.
Please come inside.
Let's go.
Everyone, I found the spell!
Check under her bed
and the chair if there's any?
So Ba Tra really did use spell!
Continue searching,
over there, look for it, quick!
Search carefully, there's still more!
Good job.
You planned to plan the spell
in my room to bring me down.
To win chess, you have to
think of several steps beforehand.
You only plan for one step at a time
then you can only win
the low-ranked beauty.
But they don't step on
others to reach their goal!
- But...
- But I do!
Because I'm either become the First Beauty
or I will forever be a slut.
You lose.
You lose to a whore.
Fine.
Finally, I, Ba Tra
has found a matching competitor.
That's all for being sister.
The war only begins now.
Ba Tra! There's so many spells!
News! The First Beauty Ba Tra
casted spell on the gentlemen!
News! News!
Here comes Tu Nhi! The First Beauty Tu Nhi!
Here come Ms. Tu Nhi!
- Its me, Ms. Tu Nhi.
- Here come Ms. Tu Nhi!
Here come Ms. Tu Nhi!
- Me, me, Ms. Tu Nhi.
- Me, me.
No one ever saw Ba Tra again since then.
There's only rumours
about the First Beauty who casted spell.
Tu Nhi became the First Beauty
and spent her money to buy everything
once belonged to Ba Tra
such as cars and houses,
and live a famous and luxurious life.
That's life. When a beauty fade,
another will appear
with more tricks and plays.
A gentleman gone broke gave
way for another to win the game.
Life goes on, generations after generations
all pulled into the
strong wave of ambition.
Nhi!
You!
I've wanted to shoot you in our first meet
but that would be too easy for you.
You have to pay for your mad ambition!
I want
you to live a painful,
regretful life in your old way.
What do you want from me?
Ba Tra will never appear again.
Tu Nhi will still be the
First Beauty of Saigon.
But every 10 coins Tu Nhi earns
you will have to give Ba Tra 9 coins.
Are you dreaming? No way.
If you don't want to do so
then your fame will be destroyed
and the world shall know
that you are just a cheap bitch.
You've ran out of ways to end me.
What do you have to force me?
Is that so?
Isn't this the prettiest bitch in Bo Ret?
What's her name?
Nhi! The whore in Ba Pho brothel.
I will double whatever Ba Tra paid you!
Sounds nice! But the
deal with Ms. Ba is better.
For every nine coins you pay Ms. Ba
we will earn four coins from that.
As long as you are the First Beauty
they will live comfortably.
Also, a whore
who dares to bring her sister down
then how can we trust you?
Nine - one.